gh-95731: Fix module docstring extraction in pygettext (#95732)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Tools-Demos/2022-08-05-23-25-59.gh-issue-95731.N2KohU.rst

> Fix module docstring in :file:`Tools/i18n/pygettext.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix handling of module docstrings in :file:`Tools/i18n/pygettext.py`.
```
Your wording sounds like it's the module docstring of this file that got fixed.
